media.peerconnection.enabled > false
media.peerconnection.turn.disable = true
media.peerconnection.use_document_iceservers = false
media.peerconnection.video.enabled = false
media.peerconnection.identity.timeout = 1

privacy.firstparty.isolate = true
privacy.resistFingerprinting = true
privacy.trackingprotection.fingerprinting.enabled = true
privacy.trackingprotection.cryptomining.enabled = true
privacy.trackingprotection.enabled = true
browser.send_pings = false
browser.urlbar.speculativeConnect.enabled = false
dom.event.clipboardevents.enabled = false
media.eme.enabled = false
media.gmp-widevinecdm.enabled = false
media.navigator.enabled = false
network.cookie.cookieBehavior = 1
network.http.referer.XOriginPolicy = 2
network.http.referer.XOriginTrimmingPolicy = 2
webgl.disabled = true
browser.sessionstore.privacy_level = 2
beacon.enabled = false
browser.safebrowsing.downloads.remote.enabled = false
network.dns.disablePrefetch = true
network.dns.disablePrefetchFromHTTPS = true
network.predictor.enabled = false
network.predictor.enable-prefetch = false
network.prefetch-next = false
network.IDN_show_punycode = true
